hello everyone I am combat turtles as
you can see previously I was combat
gamer 101 I am I was just a youtuber I
loved making videos and I loved
minecraft in all that pc gaming stuff i
was all i am also a console gamer but
recently my channel combat gamer 101
what's hat so I pretty much lost my
email and other stuff too I recovered
everything else but I couldn't recover
one thing and that was a comic there
were 11 and I was so devastating that I
lost all this progress and but I didn't
want to quit there I did take a long
break however I just didn't want to quit
there I know that my countless lost but
I'll still make videos and it was pretty
hard being hacked you know losing all
that stuff but that didn't stop me I've
recovered everything so i play minecraft
for my friends and they asked me what am
i going to do with my arm with my
youtube channel i said i'm going to make
another one they asked me what am I
going to do and I said I was going to
make a new channel combat turtles which
I apparently chose his name you can see
here I had 855 subscribers before Alex
hat I just want to say to everyone else
thank you for being part and supporting
me on my other channel but I am now
combat see a mortal kombat symbol that's
how i actually got comment there were 11
combat turtles turtles was a good name i
guess it just went together well thank
you everyone for viewing this video and
I got subscribed to me if you were a
previous combat Girma 11 and if you are
new please click that subscribe button
it will support me a lot and I am back
and better than ever see you later guys